SWT Work Rules & Policies

1. Working days, working hours, and break times

Working hours are 8 hours per day from 9 am to 6 pm with one-hour lunchtime from 12 -1 pm.

2. Holidays and holiday rules

The employee will be entitled to regular holidays, Every Sunday and Saturday and for Bank of Thailand stipulated days of public holidays (including Labor Day) annually.

The employee is entitled to 10 working days of holidays with full pay per year calculated pro-rated from his/her start of employment subject to full compliance with the terms of this working agreement, otherwise annual leave will be limited to 6 days. Annual Leave can be taken after half year of employment on a prorated basis.

3. Rules on overtime work and working on holidays

If necessary to complete important work and to match deadlines, emergencies or for projects that can only be done after business hours. Necessary overtime also can be compensated with time off accordingly but has to be recorded and approved properly. Management members are not entitled to receive OT.

Any OT requires prior approval and a clear prior agreement if OT shall be compensated by payment or time off. (Form available from Admin&HR Officer)

Employee will be paid for overtime work and working on holidays regarding to Thai Labour Law rate

4. The date and place for paying wages, overtime pay, holiday pay, and holiday overtime pay

The salary is payable on the last day of the month, at the office of the company or by transfer to the employee's bank account as the Company deems appropriate.

5. Rules on leave

The maximum number of paid sick leave days is 30 Days as per Thai Labor Law.
Annual Leave can be taken after half year of employment on a prorated basis.
Leave requests for more than 2 days shall be submitted for approval with 30 days of notice to the management
Due to the nature of our business and special Public Holiday situation in Thailand, leave requests for the months of December and April will only be approved in exceptional cases
Leaves and annual bonus days not taken can only be carried forward until March 31 of the following year; after that they expire and only the leave days for that particular year will be valid
Personal Leave of maximum 3 days per year will be granted for exceptional cases, matters related to government institutions
6. Disciplinary actions

The Employee shall fulfill all duties as described in the job description for their position, and serve the Company loyally, diligently and faithfully including the Company Policies, Working Rules and Regulations.

Any employee who violates this will be reminded of their duties in a personal meeting. A written warning letter then is issued if there is no improvement and upon repeated violation of the working agreement, and another violation after the warning letter will have serious consequences such as termination without severance.

7. Making complaints

Employees who are dissatisfied or distressed for reasons caused by their working environment not being as per agreement, Employee can file a complaint directly with the supervisor. If the complaint is related to the supervisor, then the complaint shall be filed with the higher level supervisor/Managing Director

The supervisor shall investigate, consider and inform the employee about outcome of the complaint within 7 days after receiving the complaint.

If the employee is still not satisfied, he/she can appeal to the MD by seven days after get feedback of the complaint.

The MD shall investigate and consider the appeal and notify back to employee by 15 days.

All parties are expected to do their very best to solve any conflict amicably.

8. Termination, severance pay, and special severance pay

The employment of the employee may be terminated:    

8.1 By the employee giving to the other party 1 month notice in writing of its intention to terminate this Agreement.
8.2 By the Company without prior notice and without compensation or severance payment if the employee commits any of the following:  

1 dishonesty in the performance of duties;
2 willfully committing a crime against the Company;
3 deliberately causing the Company to suffer damage;
4 violating the Company's Policies, Working Rules and Regulations or lawful order wherein a written warning has been issued, except that in a serious case the Company does not need to issue any warning. 
5 negligence, resulting in the Company suffering serious damage; 
6. sentenced to imprisonment under a final judgment on imprisonment.

For severance pay, and special severance pay refer to Thai Labour Law.